Jake!
Hi!
Leanne, I thought
you were on Bajor.
I came back early.
You know, I was just
thinking about you.
Really?
Yeah, I passed the
Klingon restaurant
where you and I and Orak
were eating dinner...
And you ordered
the gagh.
Yeah. How is Orak?
I haven't talked
to him in a while.
each other a few weeks ago.
We, uh, stopped seeing
Oh.
Yeah.
So, are... you doing
anything tomorrow night?
Well, I'm supposed
to play dom-jot with Nog.
Oh.
But they're not
really firm plans.
In fact, I was thinking
of canceling them.
Really?
If you do cancel
would you be interested
in dinner?
Sure.
Great.
How about 1800 at the
Klingon restaurant?
I'll be there.
But this time,
we'll skip the gagh.
Definitely.
I'll see you then.
Okay.
Move aside!
O'BRIEN:
ODO:
Look out!
Move! Move!
(alarm blaring)
What have we got?
Bajoran transport
coming in.
They had some kind
of accident on board.
They got casualties.
They're docking.
We should have
beamed the wounded
directly to the infirmary.
They have
a loose plasma coil.
We couldn't beam
through the radiation.
Docking clamps secure.
I'm opening the airlock.
Stand back.
Come on.
This way.
(coughing)
It's all right.
Here, I've
got you.
It's all right.
ODO:
Come along now.
Come on.
This way, Eminence.
Kai Winn.
The Vedek-- take care
of the Vedek.
Odo to Kira.
Kira here.
I think you should meet us
in the Infirmary, Major.
was on the transport.
Vedek Bareil
He's been injured.
from the transport, sir.
The report
Give me the
short version.
a molecular fracture
There was
plasma conduits.
in one of the
It was only a matter of time
before it gave way.
Once it collapsed
the entire relay
system exploded.
Was it sabotage?
I don't think so.
Why would you
suspect sabotage?
I would prefer to discuss that
with the Emissary in private.
Put a pressor field
on that artery.
The arterial disruption
is too severe.
The pressor can't stop
the hemorrhaging.
All right, clamp
off the artery
and then increase the
plasma level to maximum.
(steady tone sounding)
Cardiac arrest.
Clear.
He can't take
much more of that.
The arterial pressure
is falling.
I see it.
The neurotransmitter levels
are falling, too.
Two cc's cordrazine.
Doctor?
Do it.
(alarm beeping)
Synaptic failure.
Apply direct neurostimulation
to the brain stem.
Thank you.
and I were on our way
Vedek Bareil
to a secret meeting
with a member
of the Cardassian
Central Command.
It was my intention
to open talks
between Bajor and Cardassia
that would lead to a treaty
and a final
peace settlement.
You have been negotiating
peace with Cardassia?
The Prophets teach us
that while violence
may keep an enemy at bay
only peace can
make him a friend.
How long has this
been going on?
Vedek Bareil has
been working to set up
this meeting
with Legate Turrel
for the past
five months.
They've discussed issues
war reparations
ranging from
to the exchange of Ambassadors.
There's even
the possibility
that the Cardassians
will issue
a formal apology
inflicted on the Bajoran people
for the pain and suffering
during the occupation.
I was on my way
to our first
face-to-face meeting
when we had
the accident.
Please, don't take this
the wrong way
but I never would have guessed
that you would be the one
to bring such a bold vision
of peace to Bajor.
A large share of the credit
goes to Vedek Bareil.
Without him, the talks could
have never come this far.
It sounds like you've developed
a deeper appreciation
for Vedek Bareil.
a loyal and trustworthy aide
I must admit, he has been
since the election.
I'm not sure I could have been
as... forgiving
had I been
in his place.
These talks
were Bareil's idea.
He's guided me through them
and without him,
in the future,
these talks may never resume.
I'm sorry.
The radiation
severely damaged
his neural pathways.
I did everything I could.
I know you did.
Did he ever regain
consciousness?
No, I don't think he suffered.
Thank you, Doctor.
I'm... on duty in Ops.
Kira...
Excuse me.
I think they can get along
without you in Ops today.
Maybe, but I need to be there.
I appreciate your concern
but I'll grieve in my own way,
in my own time.
We're ready to begin
the autopsy, Doctor.
Release
the stasis field.
Let's begin
with a neural scan.
I want to map his
central axonal pathways.
Find out where
the breakdown began.
Shall I begin taking
neural tissue samples?
Looks like the damage began
in the parietal lobe.
Spread through the rest of the
brain in a retrograde manner.
Wait a minute.
A neuron
just fired
in his cerebral cortex.
There it is again.
His nerves, his nerves
are still transmitting
electrical impulses
to his brain.
How can that be?
His brain activity is zero.
His nervous system
should be
completely inactive.
but it means his body's
I don't know,
still capable of sending
messages to the brain
even though the brain
can't process them.
The radiation he was exposed to
his peripheral cell membranes.
might have fortified
If we can regenerate
his pathways
with his own
neuron cells
we might be able
to revive him.
What about brain damage?
There's been no oxygen to his
brain for almost 40 minutes.
But he's been in stasis
for most of that time.
That, combined
with the strengthening
of his cell membranes might
buy us the time we need.
We'll have to direct a
burst of electrical energy
into his cerebral cortex.
If the burst is
the proper intensity
it should create a cascade
effect within the brain
and the neurons might resume
their normal
firing pattern.
Okay.
Let's close up
the cranial cavity.
The neurogenic stimulator
is in place.
Let's try a 50-millivolt burst.
(buzzing)
Increase it to 60.
Seventy.
That's five millivolts
above what normal
tissue can stand.
It'll burn out
his cerebral cortex.
If I'm right, the
inaprovaline drug
that I gave him should
provide additional resistance
against the excess
electrostimulation.
Seventy!
(buzzing)
(inhales)
Doctor!
a little early to tell
Well, it's
he'll make a full recovery.
but I'm hoping
He should be back on his feet
again in a few weeks.
You say that
so calmly.
But it's not every doctor
that can lose a patient,
and then have him
back on his feet
in a few weeks.
WINN:
Indeed, you are too modest.
You've performed nothing
less than a miracle here.
The Prophets must walk
with you, Doctor.
Well, I and the Prophets
were lucky
that the ionizing radiation
left a residual signature
on Bareil's axonal pathways.
made this possible.
That's what really
Whoever deserves the credit,
Doctor, I am grateful.
WINN:
And I am grateful
you were not taken
from us, Vedek Bareil.
is not yet finished.
My work here
No...
it is not.
the negotiations immediately.
We must resume
the momentum we've established.
We can't risk losing
I would like to send
a coded message
and invite him to come to DS9
to Legate Turrel,
to continue
the talks.
Wait a minute.
Bareil's in no condition
to conduct negotiations.
Bareil will simply
be advising me.
the actual talks.
I will conduct
as your visits don't tire him.
Then I'll allow it as long
Agreed.
Vedek, we will
talk again soon.
Eminence.
So...
are we going to be playing
springball next month?
might have an unfair advantage.
You bet, although I'm afraid I
against a dead man?
You mean, playing
No.
I've been practicing.
My dad said that you
were looking for me.
Yeah, um, it's about
tomorrow night.
Don't worry.
taken care of that.
I've all ready
I met these three Terrellians
how great they are at dom-jot.
who were bragging about
So I arranged a game--
us against them.
(laughs)
a-a little problem.
Look, Nog, we have
No, we don't.
I guarantee we'll beat them.
It's not that.
I just can't make it
tomorrow night.
But it has to be
they're leaving the next day.
tomorrow night--
I-I made other plans.
What could be more
important than dom-jot?
I have a date.
Oh, well, (laughs)
that's different.
It is?
Yeah. Money is money
but women are better.
Is that a Rule of Acquisition?
It's a personal rule.
So, who is she?
Leanne.
Ah, Leanne!
Way to go, Jake!
Ah!
So, what is the name of my
date?
I hope she's
as cute as Leanne.
Your date?
She has a friend, right?
I'm sure
she does.
to bring her along.
Then tell her
what I had in mind.
Nog, that's not
you were confused.
That's because
the three of us go out?
Would you rather
When you put it
that way...
Exactly.
Just one
thing, Jake.
You're still pretty new
at this dating business.
do anything to embarrass me.
Just promise me you won't
I'll do my best.
Ah, this'll be great.
Maybe I'll even wash my lobes.
(chuckles)
I suggest we put off discussion
of the Cardassians
returning the Orbs
until diplomatic relations
have been established.
That would only delay
an inevitable argument.
the peace process
But it will give
a chance to grow.
are invested in the process
Once the Cardassians
to discuss these matters.
it, it may be easier
Very well.
A wise decision,
Eminence.
I hope so,
Vedek Bareil.
The first meeting
with Turrel
is scheduled
for tomorrow afternoon.
I will see you
before then.
(chuckles)
I take it
you're not here
to deliver a good
report, Doctor.
In order to revive you...
I had to flood
your nervous system
with neurogenic radiation.
Unfortunately,
this has caused
some kind of selective
of your arteries.
vasoconstriction
an inadequate blood flow
The result is
to your internal organs.
So what do we do?
We'd like to place you back
into stasis...
on your condition.
do some research
For how long?
I don't know yet.
Days, weeks...
even months.
Maybe even years?
Maybe.
that's not acceptable.
I'm sorry, Doctor,
I can't
allow myself
to be put
in storage
when my people need me.
to a Bajor still haunted
I don't want to wake
by the memory of the
occupation.
I realize how important
these talks are to Bajor
but, as your physician,
my duty is to you first.
And I have a duty to Bajor.
Please, help me heal my people.
It's the only thing
that matters to me.
There is...
an experimental drug...
called vasokin
the blood flow to your organs
which would increase
and might... enable you
to function normally
for a while.
But there is a great
deal of risk attached.
What sort of risk?
vasokin has severely damaged
In 22 percent of cases,
patients' lungs,
kidneys, even heart...
sometimes the brain.
In your condition,
it could be fatal.
But it would allow me
to function normally
for the next few days?
Yes.
But why risk your life
for a few days?
(chuckles)
I have no great desire to die,
Doctor
the will of the Prophets
but I am determined
to carry out
as long as I am able
carry out their will
and I cannot
if I am unconscious
in some stasis tube.
Please...
begin the vasokin
treatments.
All right.
We'll start this afternoon.
we don't regret this.
I only hope
So do I.
Station Log, Stardate 48498.4.
SISKO:
has arrived aboard the station
Legate Turrel
to resume the negotiations.
Vedek Bareil suggested
that I sit in on the talks
as an impartial observer
and Kai Winn has agreed.
Perhaps you
didn't hear me.
There are no Bajoran
prisoners left
in Cardassian hands.
Maybe we should redefine
our terms.
no official prisoners
Perhaps there are
but are there a number
of, shall we say...
detainees?
There are of course people
being detained at
the Justice Ministry
for crimes against the state
but that is a discussion
for another time.
Now, I would
like to discuss
what you've called
"war reparations."
We would be willing to
pay for the destruction
of all Bajoran property
incurred during
our occupation
as long as you would be
willing to return to us
all Cardassian
property and equipment
left behind on Bajor.
What... sort of property?
I can provide
you with lists
of material, equipment...
an agreement in principle
as long as we have
of Cardassian origin
that anything
to the Cardassian people.
does still belong
I... will consider your offer.
Good.
Shall we take a recess?
He's up to something.
That much
seems clear.
But what?
Why is he insisting on
this principle of his?
I need Bareil.
the entire negotiating record.
He's the only one who knows
Bareil has been talking
with Turrel for months.
He understands him...
respects him...
I think he even
likes him.
I'm afraid you may have
to face the possibility
that Bareil may not be able
to help you much longer.
I was chosen
by the Prophets
to lead our people
into a new era.
I know that!
But I was not meant
to be in a room
with a Cardassian
debating legalisms
and diplomatic nuances.
I can't do this
without Bareil.
If he dies...
then peace with Cardassia
dies with him.
(people speaking indistinctly)
LEANNE:
My father used
to take me
to the wilderness
preserves on Vulcan.
So for years
I thought that's what
their planet was like--
animals and plants
everywhere.
I had no idea there
were people on Vulcan.
(laughter)
Boy, Jake, she talks
a lot for a female.
Excuse me!
Riska, weren't
you telling me
your uncle runs a bar
on Osinar VI?
You know, Nog's uncle
runs this bar.
Is that right?
foolish conversation.
Let's not make
Just sit thereand look
beautiful.
Nog, what do you
think you're doing?
I think I know
how to handle females.
I've been thinking...
Jake, you know,
after we're done eating
we could take the females
to the holosuites.
I've borrowed one of my
uncle's private programs.
(chuckles)
"The massacre
on Ferris VI."
We could spend an hour
the frightened townspeople.
pillaging and looting
I don't think so.
NOG:
No one's asking you
to think, my dear.
Here, make
yourself useful.
Cut up my food
for me.
You must be joking.
(laughs)
(all laugh)
She's so dumb!
She's perfect!
That's it.
(sighs)
JAKE: Wait.
You're not leaving?
I suppose you want me
to sit here
and cut your food for you, too?
I never said anything
about cutting...
I hope you and your friend
enjoy your holosuite.
Come on.
Nog!
Don't say
another word, Jake.
I think you've done enough
damage for one night!
Me?
Yeah, you--
you were treating
as if she was an equal!
my female
And you were behaving
like an idiot.
I'll ever do a favor for you.
This is the last time
you get your own dates.
From now on,
And you can find someone else
to play dom-jot with!
Fine!
Good!
Turrel... is trying to get
a concession from you
that I already rejected.
Tell him...
that the question
of Cardassian
property on Bajor
was already dealt with...
in the armistice talks
four years ago.
I--
Don't... don't worry.
He'll... he'll still
pay the reparations.
What about this question
of mining rights?
(gasping)
His attention
is wandering.
He's in pain.
Give him more of the drug.
He's had enough.
Then you'll need to give
him something else.
The negotiations resume
and we still have 40 pages!
in less than six hours
BASHIR:
Listen to me.
about your negotiations
I don't care
about your treaty.
and I don't care
All I care about
is my patient
treatment and less politics.
and at the moment,
he needs more
Now, you can either
leave here willingly
or I'll call
Security
and have you
thrown out.
You won't need
to call them.
I'll do it
myself.
Put yourself in the hands
of the Prophets, Bareil.
They will not forsake you.
Yes, Eminence.
Is there anything
I can do?
Just be here.
(sighs)
I'm beginning
to dislike
on your face, Doctor.
seeing that look
As I feared
damaged your internal organs.
the vasokin has already
What happens now?
with artificial implants
the damaged organs
I can replace
as you're taking the drug
but as long
I can't guarantee
that the damage
won't spread.
I think you
should reconsider
letting me put you
in stasis.
I'm afraid my mind's made up.
Just get me through
the negotiations.
I must carry out
the will of
the Prophets.
Please...
whatever it takes...
just do it.
(door opens)
Are you going
to call Security
and have me removed
from this room
now, Doctor?
It hadn't occurred
to me... yet.
How is Bareil?
The organ replacement
surgery went well.
He's still unconscious
but he should be awake
within the hour.
Oh, good.
There are still
several points
I have to discuss
with him
before the next
negotiating session.
That's why I'm here.
When you see Bareil
I want you to tell him
that you don't need him.
That you can complete these
negotiations without him.
But I do need him, Doctor.
I realize that.
But I want you to tell him
that you don't.
You seem to be
asking me to lie.
I'm asking you to free Bareil
of his obligations to you.
The only way
he'll accept that
is if you tell him
he's no longer needed--
that you can go on without him.
Now, if that's a lie,
then so be it.
like a... Starfleet officer.
That doesn't sound
I'm a doctor first.
And right now, I'm trying
his best chance to live.
to give my patient
The only way to do that
is to put him in stasis.
Bareil knows that
these negotiations is so strong
but his desire to complete
to keep him conscious
that he's forcing me
and mentally alert
even though it may kill him.
None of us wants that
to happen, Doctor.
But, if I'm not mistaken
the decision regarding
Bareil's treatment
is up to him.
Yes.
As the patient, it is his right
to make that choice
to help me change his mind.
but I am asking you
Eminence...
you're the Kai.
These are your
negotiations.
Let this be your
moment in history.
Finish the talks
on your own
and you won't have to share
the credit with anyone.
You say that as though success
is guaranteed.
Of course...
if the talks fail, you'll need
someone to accept the blame--
a scapegoat.
You're a coward.
You're afraid
to stand alone.
Bareil's already made
his decision, Doctor.
I won't interfere.
And, Doctor...
what you've said here.
I won't forget
Neither will I.
So, you never told me
about your double date.
Not much to tell.
That's not what I hear.
Quark tells me that you
and Nog aren't speaking
to each other.
the way he acted, Dad.
You should have seen
like a spoiled brat.
He was acting
I've never been so embarrassed.
will ever speak to me again.
I don't think Leanne
Hmm, so what did he do?
All kinds of
stupid things.
Riska couldn't even
say two words
without him telling her
to be quiet.
And he insisted that she cut up
his food for him.
He was treating her
some kind of slave.
like she was
It sounds like he's acting
like a Ferengi to me.
You can't blame him for that.
Well, in that case, maybe
you were right all along.
About what?
You once said that
humans and Ferengis
are too different to ever
really be friends.
I remember saying that,
and you know what?
I was wrong.
You and Nog proved that.
your cultural differences
Sure, you have
but there's a real bond
between you.
Well, I know one thing.
I'm never going to set him up
on a date again.
I think the two of you
should talk this over
before it becomes
too big a problem.
I'm not sure Nog is going to be
willing to talk to me so soon.
Well, I guess you'll have to do
something to get his attention.
(gasping and groaning)
What happened?
I don't know.
Two cc's morphenolog.
It's all right.
You're getting help.
I thought I made it clear
there were to be no visitors
for the next three hours!
It's not her fault, Doctor.
Bareil called me himself.
He said he had some ideas
on the treaty.
And you just
couldn't wait
to hear them,
could you?
His left temporal lobe
of massive synaptic failure.
is showing signs
Well, I hope you got
all the advice
you needed, Eminence
because the vasokin
has damaged his brain
and that damage
is irreversible.
Will he regain
consciousness?
Not in his
present condition.
You were able
to replace
some of his
internal organs
with artificial implants.
Could you do
something similar
with the damaged
parts of his brain?
with any certainty.
It's hard to say
There's still a great deal
we don't understand.
the brain operates
about the way
at medical school used to say
One of my professors
life" that can't be replicated.
that the brain has a "spark of
If we begin to replace
parts of Bareil's brain
with artificial implants,
that spark may be lost.
But you're saying,
if you don't do it,
Bareil will never regain
consciousness and he'll die.
SISKO: I think
we should consider
what Bareil
would want us to do.
WINN:
Bareil wanted
these negotiations
to be completed
no matter
what the cost.
BASHIR:
With all due respect,
Your Eminence
an impartial observer here.
you're hardly
You have a personal interest
in these talks.
(sighs)
There is more at stake
than one man's life.
concerned with at the moment.
One man's life is all I'm
I think she's right, Julian.
I think Bareil
the positronic implants.
would want
Kira, if I go through with this
the man who wakes up may not be
the man you used to know.
I realize that... but I know
how important this is to him
and I know he wouldn't want
in stasis indefinitely
to just be put
solution that may never come.
waiting for some medical
Do the surgery, Julian.
Let him finish what he started.
Mr. Sisko?
Odo, I'd like you
to do me a favor.
Hmm?
I want to be arrested.
Ah! This is outrageous!
I didn't steal anything
from the Tholian
Ambassador!
Just another innocent man
arrested for a crime
he didn't commit.
What is he doing here?
As if you didn't know.
has also denied involvement
Your accomplice here
but I have an eyewitness
who saw both of you
the Tholian Ambassador's
breaking into
quarters last night.
what a Tholian looks like!
I don't even know
Tell it
to the magistrate.
(yells)
At least put me
in my own cell!
I'm sorry the quarters
aren't to your liking.
a complaint to the management.
Please feel free to submit
(hisses)
is functioning normally.
The positronic implant
And the midbrain interface
is on line and he's awake.
Bareil.
Yes, Major?
How are you feeling?
Awake.
Everything is different.
Different?
In what way?
It's hard to explain...
but when you touch me
it doesn't seem real.
the distant memory of a touch.
It's more like
Vedek, do you remember
the negotiations?
I have some
questions for you.
BAREIL: Of course,
Eminence.
I will do all that I can.
Something's wrong.
No kidding.
That's not what I mean.
My father told me that if I
got caught stealing again
he would send me back
to live on the Ferengi
with my grandmother.
homeworld
(scoffs)
So where is he?
yelling and threatening me?
I mean, why isn't he here
And where's Uncle Quark?
Now, I'm late for work.
And come to think of it,
what are you doing here?
Ask Odo.
No, no, no,
throwing you in here
wasn't Odo's idea.
the Station Commander's son
You don't just arrest
really strong evidence.
without some
And I know there
is no evidence
because I know we
didn't do anything.
So why are we in here, Jake?
All right,
I put Odo up to this
because I wanted
to talk to you.
In here?
I didn't think you'd
listen to me otherwise.
Well, this better be good.
2I wanted to say
I'm sorry.
I guess I just forgot
you were a Ferengi.
You forgot?
To most people, the lobes
are a dead giveaway.
What I mean is
we spend so much
time together
and we seem so much alike
I, I sometimes forget
we're different.
I know we're different.
who talks to a female
I mean, anyone
with fawning respect
is no Ferengi.
It made me sick.
You want to talk
about sick?
Sick is making Riska
cut up your food for you.
Well, at least I didn't
have her chew it.
Chew it!
That's right.
In traditional
Ferengi homes
the females soften the
food with their teeth
before they give it
to the males.
That is disgusting.
I knew you would
react that way
which is why I did
not have her do it.
Well, do you have
any other
disgusting Ferengi customs
I should know about?
Plenty.
And I know plenty of human
customs which disgust me.
Great, so we both
disgust each other.
You know, as we get older
this is just going
to get worse.
But I know one thing
I don't want to lose you
as a friend.
Well, in that case
double-dating
is definitely out.
Agreed.
And I guess
we'll just have to deal
with the rest
of our disgusting habits
as they come up.
I guess so.
You feel better?
Yeah.
Good.
Now can we get
out of here?
Sure.
Odo?
Odo.
He-He's just playing around.
Odo?
Odo!
Station Log, supplemental.
SISKO:
Kai Winn has announced
that Legate Turrel has signed
the peace treaty.
The news has sent a shockwave
throughout the quadrant.
And although there is
still some opposition
on both Bajor and Cardassia
from hard-line elements
they are finally willing
it looks as though
to put their long conflict
behind them.
Remind me not to invite
you to my next party.
I'm sorry.
I guess I'm sort of casting
a pall over this gathering.
Julian, no one's
expecting you
to provide
entertainment
but you should try
to enjoy yourself.
After all, the celebration
is for you, too.
Well, frankly,
I can't imagine
what I've done...
deserves a celebration.
You kept him alive
against incredible odds.
No matter what happens
you should always
be proud of that.
Hi...
Excuse me.
Your Eminence.
Yes?
Kai Winn, allow me to
introduce "Kai Winn."
I don't understand.
WINN:
In honor of the occasion
QUARK:
I've named my latest
creation after you.
It's a chocolate
soufflé with...
Haligian tongue sauce.
Well, I'm very honored.
Mmm... mmm.
And you're also
very popular.
Believe me,
I can't keep up
with the orders
so far!
(chuckling)
Medical emergency.
NURSE ON PA:
Dr. Bashir to the Infirmary.
Please excuse me.
KIRA: It's the other half
of his brain, isn't it?
But you can still help him,
can't you?
the other half of his brain
You can replace
with a positronic matrix.
but this is where it ends.
I'm sorry, Nerys,
What do you mean?
I won't remove whatever
last shred of humanity
Bareil has left.
But you can do it.
Perhaps, child
it is time to listen
to Dr. Bashir.
Sure. You got
your peace treaty
your place in history.
You don't need
Bareil anymore.
Believe me, child,
I share your pain...
but I think the Prophets
are calling to Bareil.
I will see to it that
Bajor never forgets him.
Doctor.
Julian... you can't
give up now.
You have to keep going.
Nerys...
the rest of his brain
if I remove
and replace it with a machine
he may even talk like Bareil
he may look like Bareil,
but he won't be Bareil.
That "spark of life"
will be gone.
He'll be dead.
And I'll be the one
who killed him.
But if we do nothing,
he'll die.
That's right, he will.
But he'll die like a man,
not a machine.
Please...
fight you on this one.
don't make me
Just let him go.
How much time?
All brain activity should cease
within the next three hours.
with him till then.
I'd like to stay
Of course.
You got your peace treaty.
that we'd had more time for us.
I just wish
There's so much
I never told you, but...
this is the time we have left,
so I'd better say it now.
(sniffles)
I'll... I'll never forget
the first time I saw you
the day you came
to the station.
You had... such a...
serenity about you
I thought you had
all the answers.
It really got on my nerves
for a while.
Then I got to know you and I...
as the rest of us.
realized you were
just as confused
You just accepted
your confusion
better than anyone
I've ever known.
That's when I realized
I loved you.
(music playing)